Hello everyone today is a video
next return next
the prodigal son in our case the prodigal
to my daughter this knife was with me
most times i have this
the knife was fold
I was purchased was given to me
used on 1 6 probably every time
I sold it because something to me here
it seemed to him something is missing but
extremely time I got the perfect husband in
General, let's not speak up
will go about spider to enduro specifically
go on version got up zippy 189 my
a look is one of our best
spider to and fornicator spoke 1 6 he already
me actually last time under
last time before this knife i got
perfect what i wanted it was enduro
With overlays from carbon she was gone
He remained the same light that's disappeared
that's about mine is not and linings that I
so did not like for this particular
thank you alexander ponomarenko he
fulfilled my order exactly but were
certain circumstances yes man
I asked to sell this knife and bench
the drug in carbon well and man is very
good i just couldn't refuse him
the question is not even the amount of money but just
pure relation to man and not so
long time ago tried again huge
the number of knives I realized that I miss
they dope and decided to take myself again but
I thought how could I get out
sold to order new lining
alexander but it is still about half a year
because he has a lot of orders and
here on and I would have gotten wonderful
the kit was written that new
hippie culture 189 as it turned out
subsequently the knife is not new I have already contacted
with the seller said what I think about this
There are traces on the clip
use see worn coating and
if you pay attention to
before the points on how many degrees is also not
I know before, it seems to be quite good, but how
would still I wanted a new knife come
already used principle like
enjoyed neatly there under very
also like not bad but oh well not in this
what is more interesting for me
It was that in the kit to this knife went
Here are the aluminum lining
aluminum lining with this
polished spencer also understand
from aluminum and what's most interesting is that
complete right down to the relatives
liners all cogs everything else
all at the place of attachment under the clip and all
the rest I think it will give at all
small gain in weight but will give on
really me that strength and lack
that curse i would like
get on here this endore and plus color
so merry so orange not
orange here I think what will happen
it is more correct to do like this now
weigh the culture so now
weighing endure ninety two s
half gram
now I literally turn off for a while
camera dressing knife here in these pads
and weigh it in clips
we know what the difference is
the difference how much was added by weight
this knife let's see this what we
in the end you got got here
such enduro is still polished
Spencer understands everything you need
polish the clip that i will do well
there are such specific fitting moments
because for example i'm used to that indra
I can easily fold the blade
here unfortunately there is no such need
washers may be a little tinker
release the axial knife otherwise
like
it turned out so quite interesting but for now
still not if the order is not familiar to the very
I had emily trim
and enduro carrot but it is somewhat
another well, that he is somewhat thicker than that
was required
uhvatisty pleasant interesting color
aluminum just disappeared here
the promises were gone which I wanted
let's see what we have there with weight
I think that much added but not
less than 120 1 gram more than 20 grams
added but in principle with carbon there
emgrand 15 adding here 25 grams i
I think not fundamentally but for my money
and for having the opportunity
immediately get the finished product very
good option actually now
need this whole thing be slightly
fit well, in principle, probably all
I really like it so much
This series of knives that I still with
This knife bought here is so wonderful
the knife is a spider to matriarch 2 by the people
known as the egg cutter is very lucky
I like the knife very much
you will join my collection maniac
Something lately I have such
some extraordinary
instances on my wands appear well
I already had this knife too
once sold it now i'm here
returned back so here is such
interesting project i think that is all
it comes to mind yes polished where you need
all the rest
Well, actually we will see later
final option
so thank you all bye